# Image-Recognition-using-CNN
Today’s image recognition applies deep learning techniques in the field of computer vision. The most popular algorithms for deep learning for computer vision are called Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN). CNNs are based on an architecture designed to process and understand the data present in high-resolution images. CNNs are inspired by the design of the human brain, in which the neurons interpret the visual stimuli in the visual cortex. This part of the cortex consists of a field composed of restricted regions.

Consumers often abandon a site because the search result displays irrelevant products.I have provided a solution that contextualize and improve search results of online shoppers. We will build models to train the algorithm to understand any concept, including logos and non-photographic images.The goal is to make the search more visually and consumer-centric as possible.

# Purpose
In this project I have introduced an approach of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) design concerning its performance in various undertakings of fashion image classification. The main purpose is to provide a better and significant approach for E-Commerce business. This will provide the consumers a superior a more refine approach for online shopping. In online shopping, product search is a key component. When a user is online to buy a particular product, in most of the cases, he finds it by entering product related information on search engine like amazon or flipkart.

# Inference
As the model trains, the loss and accuracy metrics aredisplayed. This model reaches an accuracy of about0.9296 (or 92.96%%) and a train loss of 0.1733 on the training data.
The accuracy on the test dataset is 92.61% which is a little less than the accuracy on the training dataset. This gap between training accuracy and test accuracy is an example of overfitting. Overfitting is when a machine learning model performs worse on new data than on their training data.The problem with overfitting, is that the more specialized the model becomes to training data, the less well it is able to generalize to new data, resulting in an increase in generalization error. This increase in generalization error can be measured by the performance of the model on the validation dataset. However, this does not affect the predictions much as it is very minimal The graphs which have been plotted almost exactly stay true to what the model predicts. The y-axis of the top graph represents loss and the yaxis represents epoch. Similarly, the y-axis of the top graph represents the accuracy and the x-axis represents epoch.
